bars.md, before:

Cocktail Bars
Collection of great bars around the US and around the world. Listed by City
Primary focus is on bars that offer great whiskey offerings.

Please add your twitter handle or github ID next to contributions (mainly so I can thank you!)

# Atlanta
Park Bar - Nice whiskey offering

# Boulder, CO
Canyon's Restaurant and bar (part of Marriott Hotel) - Great old fashioned
West End Tavern - Excellent flights

# Las Vegas, NV

The Whiskey Attic
This one is a little trickier. To visit this place you need to get a group and set up an appointment. Visiting includes a great tasting based on your flavor preferences. It's about $100/person and worth it for a great tasting experience.
They also boast having the largest whiskey collection in the world. I don't doubt it. Just check out my twitter header image to see what they have! Admittedly the location seems counterintuitive, but you'll have to trust me. They also have an amazing beer selection.

Rose. Rabbit. Lie - Cosmopolitan
Great atmosphere. Live music. Great bartenders.
They should know how to make a quality Brooklyn and Sazerac.

# Pittsburgh
Butcher and Rye
Great selection and the bartenders know their craft.
http://butcherandtherye.com/

# Raleigh, NC Area
Foundation - Great "hidden" spot for excellent cocktails

# Dallas, Tx
Pepper Smash - Plano Tx (Shops of Legacy)-  great craft cocktails @vTexan  
Whiskey Cakes - Plano Tx great whiskey collection @vTexan  
Fillmore's Pub - Plano Tx (Downtown) @vTexan  

# Austin, Tx
Midnight Cowboy Modeling - Secret Speakeasy - book via OpenTable - follow the instructions @vTexan  
Ten Oak Great craft cocktails @vTexan  

# San Antonio, Tx
Bohanana's Steakhouse - Downtown - downstairs bar is a throw back to the 20's great whiskey collection @vTexan  
Whiskey Cakes - great collection of Whiskeys @vTexan    

# San Francisco, CA

83 Proof - Great bartenders and selection  
Bourbon and Branch - Awesome atmosphere  
Bourbon Steak - Try Smoked Whiskey Flight  
Hard Water - OMG Selection  
**Local Edition Speakeasy** awesome place - sort of hidden, live music almost every night - get 2 drinks at a time, the bar can get busy @vTexan  

# San Jose, CA
Paper Plane - Recommended by @vtexan  
Haberdasher Speakeasy  @vtexan  
Roots and Rye - (Santana Row) - Great craft cocktails and whiskey collection  @vtexan  
O'Flatery's Irish Pub - Downtown San Jose - really strong Whiskey Collection (Irish and Japanese)  @vTexan  

# Santa Clara, Ca
Bourbon Steak and Pub - inside Levi Stadium nice craft cocktails @vTexan  

# Toronto, ON

The Merchant - Owner is lover of whiskey. Does very cool barrel-aged old fashioned and manhattans.

# West Palm Beach, FL
Blue Martini
The old fashioned they made me included a rock candy stick. It was a cool way to include the sugar. Given how my evening there went I'm sure they pour heavy. Keep that in mind if you determine you don't like their cocktails. :-)

Commit message:

added a bar in Denver area

bars.md, after:

Cocktail Bars
Collection of great bars around the US and around the world. Listed by City
Primary focus is on bars that offer great whiskey offerings.

Please add your twitter handle or github ID next to contributions (mainly so I can thank you!)

# Atlanta
Park Bar - Nice whiskey offering

# Boulder, CO
Canyon's Restaurant and bar (part of Marriott Hotel) - Great old fashioned
West End Tavern - Excellent flights

# Denver, CO  
Bull and Bush = Cherry Creek Area - awesome selection - ask for the off-menu menu.  Lots of Four Roses, and they do their own barrel selects.  

# Las Vegas, NV

The Whiskey Attic
This one is a little trickier. To visit this place you need to get a group and set up an appointment. Visiting includes a great tasting based on your flavor preferences. It's about $100/person and worth it for a great tasting experience.
They also boast having the largest whiskey collection in the world. I don't doubt it. Just check out my twitter header image to see what they have! Admittedly the location seems counterintuitive, but you'll have to trust me. They also have an amazing beer selection.

Rose. Rabbit. Lie - Cosmopolitan
Great atmosphere. Live music. Great bartenders.
They should know how to make a quality Brooklyn and Sazerac.

# Pittsburgh
Butcher and Rye
Great selection and the bartenders know their craft.
http://butcherandtherye.com/

# Raleigh, NC Area
Foundation - Great "hidden" spot for excellent cocktails

# Dallas, Tx
Pepper Smash - Plano Tx (Shops of Legacy)-  great craft cocktails @vTexan  
Whiskey Cakes - Plano Tx great whiskey collection @vTexan  
Fillmore's Pub - Plano Tx (Downtown) @vTexan  

# Austin, Tx
Midnight Cowboy Modeling - Secret Speakeasy - book via OpenTable - follow the instructions @vTexan  
Ten Oak Great craft cocktails @vTexan  

# San Antonio, Tx
Bohanana's Steakhouse - Downtown - downstairs bar is a throw back to the 20's great whiskey collection @vTexan  
Whiskey Cakes - great collection of Whiskeys @vTexan    

# San Francisco, CA

83 Proof - Great bartenders and selection  
Bourbon and Branch - Awesome atmosphere  
Bourbon Steak - Try Smoked Whiskey Flight  
Hard Water - OMG Selection  
**Local Edition Speakeasy** awesome place - sort of hidden, live music almost every night - get 2 drinks at a time, the bar can get busy @vTexan  

# San Jose, CA
Paper Plane - Recommended by @vtexan  
Haberdasher Speakeasy  @vtexan  
Roots and Rye - (Santana Row) - Great craft cocktails and whiskey collection  @vtexan  
O'Flatery's Irish Pub - Downtown San Jose - really strong Whiskey Collection (Irish and Japanese)  @vTexan  

# Santa Clara, Ca
Bourbon Steak and Pub - inside Levi Stadium nice craft cocktails @vTexan  

# Toronto, ON

The Merchant - Owner is lover of whiskey. Does very cool barrel-aged old fashioned and manhattans.

# West Palm Beach, FL
Blue Martini
The old fashioned they made me included a rock candy stick. It was a cool way to include the sugar. Given how my evening there went I'm sure they pour heavy. Keep that in mind if you determine you don't like their cocktails. :-)
